>> Sarah Drasner: Okay,
let's use Keep-Alive.
Keep-Alive is super, super exciting too.
Because what we can do is we can wrap a
component in Keep-Alive and make sure that
it retains whatever state it was in as
were switching out those components.
So if we wanted to switch between
different types of components or
different structures.
So we saw before that black and
white ,those two components that
we were switching dynamically.
We can actually use a keep alive and
retain whatever state it was in.
I'll show you how I would work with that.
If I have something like Frontend Masters
here and I have a different font here, and
we've got a flourish and a phone,
and we reduce the image opacity.
Then we can switch over to a white label
I can say something else like you know,
Tacos are good.
And we can change the font,
we can change the thing behind it.
And if I switch between the black
label and the white label then its
retained the state of that you know
component that we have selected.
And you can actually see how
the slots are working a bit to here
because we got all of the same inner.
That we're,
that are gonna stay the same in each
thing because we're putting
it in with a slot, but
we're able to kind of switch those out and
retain whatever it was in before.